[CCC-1053] CCM public documentation for OCI (#31833)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/cloud_cost_management/setup/oracle.md

2. Have the [OCI integration][1] installed in Datadog

## Setup

### Configure the OCI integration
Navigate to [Setup & Configuration][2] and follow the steps to configure the OCI integration for your parent tenancy.

**Note**: If the OCI integration was created without the QuickStart method, then you need to follow the [documentation][3] for QuickStart migration.

### Enable Cloud Cost Management
Once the integration is created, enable the toggle for Cloud Cost Management.

{{< img src="cloud_cost/oci/oci_ccm_enablement.png" alt="Toggle for enabling Cloud Cost Management" style="width:100%;" >}}

## Cost types
You can visualize your ingested data using the following cost types:

| Cost Type                                       | Description |
|-------------------------------------------------| ----------------------------------|
| `oci.cost.amortized`                            | Total cost of resources allocated at the time of usage over an interval. Costs include all applicable discounts |
| `oci.cost.ondemand`                             | Total public, on-demand cost of resources before public and private discounts are applied over an interval. |

### Out-of-the-box tags

> Datadog adds out-of-the-box tags to ingested cost data to help you further break down and allocate your costs. These tags are derived from your [FOCUS cost export][4] and make it easier to discover and understand cost data.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Datadog adds out-of-the-box tags to ingested cost data and help you further break down and allocate your costs. These tags are derived from your [FOCUS cost export][4] and make it easier to discover and understand cost data.
```

| `resourceid` | An identifier assigned to a resource by the provider.|
| `resourcename` | A display name assigned to a resource.|
| `resourcetype` | Describes the kind of resource the charge applies to.|
| `servicecategory` | The highest-level classification of a service based on the core function of the service.|
| `servicename` | An offering that can be purchased from a provider (e.g., cloud virtual machine, SaaS database, professional services from a systems integrator).|
| `skuid` | A provider-specified unique identifier that represents a specific SKU.|
| `skupriceid` | A provider-specified unique identifier that represents a specific SKU Price associated with a resource or service used or purchased.|
| `subaccountid` | An ID assigned to a grouping of resources or services, often used to manage access and/or cost.|
| `subaccountname` | A name assigned to a grouping of resources or services, often used to manage access and/or cost.|
| `usageunit` | A provider-specified measurement unit, indicating how the provider rates measured usage and purchase quantities.|

#### Cost and observability correlation

> Viewing costs in context of observability data is important to understand how infrastructure changes impact costs, identify why costs change, and optimize infrastructure for both costs and performance. Datadog updates resource identifying tags on cost data for top OCI products to simplify correlating observability and cost metrics.
> 
> For example, to view cost and utilization for each Compute instance, you can make a table with `oci.cost.amortized`, `oci.computeagent.cpu_utilization`, and `oci.computeagent.memory_utilization` (or any other Compute metric) and group by `host`. Or, to see Object Storage usage and costs side by side, you can graph `oci.objectstorage.stored_bytes` and `oci.cost.amortized` grouped by `name`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Viewing costs in the context of observability data is important for understanding how infrastructure changes impact costs, identifying why costs change, and optimizing infrastructure for both costs and performance. 

Datadog updates resource identifying tags on cost data for top OCI products to simplify correlating observability and cost metrics. For example, to view cost and utilization for each Compute instance, you can make a table with `oci.cost.amortized`, `oci.computeagent.cpu_utilization`, and `oci.computeagent.memory_utilization` (or any other Compute metric) and group by `host`. To see Object Storage usage and costs side by side, you can graph `oci.objectstorage.stored_bytes` and `oci.cost.amortized` grouped by `name`.
```
